

think one of the git repo that i was building it has a script that create these links:

lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 NCLconverter -> phylotool.sif
-rw-rw-r-- 1 tin cgrlsw        953 Oct 25  2022 ReadMe.txt
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 art -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 beast2-mcmc -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 clearcut -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 clustalo -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 clustalw -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 clustalx -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 examl -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 figtree -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 iqtree -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 mafft -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 mb -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 metaphlan2 -> phylotool.sif                                                                                                                                      
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 muscle -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 njplot -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 phast -> phylotool.sif
-rwxrwxr-x 1 tin cgrlsw 6018539520 Oct 25  2022 phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 phyml -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 prokka -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 raxmlHPC -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 roary -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 26  2022 run_gubbins -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 seaview -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 snp-sites -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 squizz -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 sumtrees -> phylotool.sif
lrwxrwxrwx 1 tin cgrlsw         13 Oct 25  2022 tree-puzzle -> phylotool.sif



for now, did

ls  -1 | grep -v sif | grep -v ReadMe | xargs

tar cf copy_sym_links.tar NCLconverter art beast2-mcmc clearcut clustalo clustalw clustalx examl figtree iqtree mafft mb metaphlan2 muscle njplot phast phyml prokka raxmlHPC roary run_gubbins seaview snp-sites squizz sumtrees tree-puzzle  


